█▀█ █▀█ █▀█ █▀█ █▀█ ▀█▀ █ █ █▄ █ █ ▀█▀ █ █▀▀ █▀
█▄█ █▀▀ █▀▀ █▄█ █▀▄  █  █▄█ █ ▀█ █  █  █ ██▄ ▄█

https://sims.fandom.com/wiki/Writing_(The_Sims_3)#Opportunities

A History of One
	Write a Biography of (Sim).
		(Sim) wants to be immortalized in print, and you're just the writer to do it! If you find the time to write a biography of (Sim), it'll surely improve your relationship and earn you some money.
Your Autobiography
	Write an Autobiography.
		(Sim) has read quite a few of your books and thinks you're quite the writer. With such an interesting life, (Sim) thinks you should put it on paper. Write an Autobiography and you'll improve your relationship with (Sim) and earn some money.
Correcting Past Mistakes
	(Sim) has read some of your very first books and determined they weren't quite up to snuff. Prove that you've improved as a writer by writing a novel that generates §100 in weekly royalty checks, and you'll improve your relationship with (Sim). Your books will also improve from then on!
Book Donation
	Donate three books at City Hall.
		City Hall is collecting books for the library - such a great cause! Those who donate will be viewed as Charitable, so bring three books that you've written and drop them off at City Hall!
Add a Little Drama
	Write a Drama.
		(Sim) has a soft spot for a well-written drama that pulls at the heartstrings and excites readers with its suspense. Write a Drama Novel for (Sim) to earn some money and improve your relationship.
To Boldly Go
	Write a Sci Fi novel.
		Lasers, adventuring through space, and discovering new planets where evil monsters may lurk are exactly what (Sim) wants you to occupy your time with. Write a Science Fiction novel for (Sim) and you'll earn some money and your relationship will improve.
Hopefully You Like Orks
	Write a Fantasy novel.
		(Sim) has a hankering for magic, wizards, and green-skinned Orks that like fighting just a little too much. You should take a stab at writing a Fantasy novel for (Sim). It'll improve your relationship and earn you a little cash!
A Masterpiece
	Write a Masterpiece.
		(Sim) has read everything you've ever written. As one of your biggest fans, (Sim) is eagerly anticipating your masterpiece. Write a Masterpiece and your relationship with (Sim) will improve. You'll also earn some money!
A Few Pages of Satire
	Write a Satire.
		(Sim) absolutely loves satire and is very interested in seeing you take a pass at the genre. Write a Satire novel for (Sim) and it'll improve your relationship, plus earn you some money.
The Glory of Vaudeville
	Write a Vaudeville novel.
		The great storytelling and humor of Vaudeville is sought by your acquaintance (Sim). Write a vaudeville story for (Sim) and your relationship will improve, plus you'll earn a cash bonus!