█▀█ █▀▀ █▀ █▀█ █ █ █▀█ █▀▀ █▀▀ █▀ 	https://www.carls-sims-3-guide.com/lifetimerewards/
█▀▄ ██▄ ▄█ █▄█ █▄█ █▀▄ █▄▄ ██▄ ▄█ 	https://sims.fandom.com/wiki/Lifetime_reward

Fast Metabolism	Watch your body shift and change before your very eyes within a fraction of the effort! A more immediate new you!	5,000	Child	Sims lose weight and gain muscle faster, lowers weight gain from overeating.
Trait speedycleaner.png	Speedy Cleaner	Eliminate household grime and villainous soap scum double quick!	5,000	Child	Sims clean messes faster. When combined with the Neat trait, the Sim will clean up messes very fast.
Trait discountdiner.png	Discount Diner	Restaurant meals will be on the house. Tips and tax included!	5,000	Child	Eating at the Diner or Bistro will be free of any charges.
Trait professionalslacker.png	Professional Slacker	How cool would it be to watch TV and slack off at work without the boss caring?	5,000	Teen	The risk of demotion will be erased from the Sim's career. When Slacking off your performance will go up instead of down. The chance of getting caught from getting a replacement for a lecture is slightly reduced[TS3:UL].
Trait observant.png	Observant	Discover the traits of others twice as quickly!	5,000	Child	Sims will learn three traits of another Sim just by meeting them.
Trait officehero.png	Office Hero	Your inter-office conversations will be more effective than ever! Co-workers will love hanging out with you.	5,000	Young Adult	Relationships with co-workers increase faster (does not work outside the job)
Trait legendaryhost.png	Legendary Host	Everyone will show up to the party and have a great time - it will be legendary.	5,000	Teen	Guests have a 100% chance of coming to a Sim's party and being positive higher than the party's level of fun.
Trait complimentaryentertainment.png	Complimentary Entertainment	You'll be added to the exclusive list at the community theatre and can get into all upcoming events free of charge.	5,000	Child	Your rewarded Sim no longer has to pay any fees in the community theatre.
Trait bookshopbargainer.png	Bookshop Bargainer	Books at the bookstore will carry a hefty discount, resulting in great savings for you!	10,000	Child	Merchandise from the bookstore is now cheaper, combined with the weekly discount notice makes it even cheaper.
Trait fertilitytreatment.png	Fertility Treatment	Increases your chances of conception! Twins and triplets are also much more likely.	10,000	Young Adult	If both parents have this reward, the chance of having triplets are very high.
Trait opportunistic.png	Opportunistic	Earn greater rewards and bonuses for finishing Opportunities!	10,000	Child	The rewards of an opportunity are increased by 200%.
Trait multitasker.png	Multi-Tasker	Become better at your job and homework without any additional effort on your part!	10,000	Child	Helps Sims finish homework/earn a promotion without always working hard. A teen with a part-time job will be seen as "Working Overtime" at school while "Working" at work, improving both school performance and work performance at the same time.
Trait steelbladder.png	Steel Bladder	Peeing is for Sims with lesser wills (and bladders).	10,000	Child	The Bladder Need is always full green and will never decay, bladder will be completely erased from the rewarded Sim's life.
Trait neverdull.png	Never Dull	Sims love listening to you talk and will never get bored when you repeat social interactions!	10,000	Child	Other Sims won't get bored for repeating the same social interactions many times. Doesn't work for the following social interactions: Enthuse About Comic Books, High Five
Trait changelifetimewish.png	Change Lifetime Wish	Picking a Lifetime Wish is a monumentous decision that leaves some Sims overwhelmed. In case the wrong Wish was chosen, here's a mulligan to set things straight.	10,000	Child	Disappears as an option once a lifetime wish is achieved.
Trait attractive.pngLt rewards Attractive 2.png	Attractive	Whether it's the scent or charm, people will suddenly like you more.	15,000	Teen	Increases starting relationship bonus and rate of relationship increase. When combined with the Celebrity Charisma Challenge, Sims become their friend as soon as they meet them! Helpful for the Charisma Challenge called Super Friendly. The icon has been replaced as of patch 42.
Trait vacationer.png	Vacationer	Feel free to take the occasional day off. Nobody at work will notice!	15,000	Teen	When Sims with this Lifetime Reward take days off, their work performance bar will go down much slower than usual. When they are home, they will not get paid for doing their job.
Trait haggler.png	Haggler	Store clerks will fear the sight of you and throw discounts at your feet to expedite your passing.	15,000	Teen	Any Sim that has this reward will be given a very good discount at convenience stores (combined with the weekly discount message makes store merchandise incredibly cheaper).
Trait fastlearner.png	Fast Learner	Learn and improve skills faster than a galloping llama!	15,000	Child	Learn skills faster. (combined with certain traits and the Sim's mood at elated makes learning faster than ever)
Trait permaclean.png	Dirt Defiant	Personal hygiene concerns and frequent bathing rarely trouble the Dirt Defiant!	15,000	Child	Slows hygiene decay to a quarter of its usual speed. Squeaky Clean lasts 28 hours instead of 7. Objects and activities that decay hygiene still do so, however.
Trait longdistancefriend.png	Long Distance Friend	People will never become Distant Friends, even if you ignore them for a while. They know you're good for it down the line.	20,000	Child	The relationship bar will never decay through means of neglect. (This reward is useless if your Sim is charismatic and has the "Super Friendly" charisma skill challenges).
Trait midlifecrisis.png	Mid-Life Crisis	Not happy with who you are? Pick new traits to become the Sim genetics failed to create.	20,000	Young Adult	Reselect a Sim's traits without using testingcheatsenabled.
Trait supergreenthumb.png	Super Green Thumb	If you want to grow the best, most vibrantly delicious and organically superior plants, you Simply must go Super.	20,000	Teen	Plants become one quality level higher than the seed or produce it was planted from. Harvestables are also automatically one quality level higher than the plant they were harvested from.
Trait hardlyhungry.png	Hardly Hungry	Your body achieves such a perfect state of balance that you hardly ever feel hunger or thirst.	25,000	Child	Cuts the decay rate of hunger to a quarter of the usual rate.
Trait bodysculptor.png	Body Sculptor	The Body Sculptor device will give you the exact body shape you desire... within a few percentage points.	30,000	Teen	Object: Allows a Sim to become heavier, leaner, more muscular, or less muscular. There is a chance it will malfunction and they will come out obese.
Note: This reward can be sold for up to §6,000.

Trait highroller.png	Acclaimed Author	Earn bigger royalty checks for every book written... assuming you're a writer.	30,000	Teen	Earn more royalties from writing books.
Trait extracreative.png	Extra Creative	The finest paintings are created by those who are not only creative, but extra creative.	30,000	Teen	Paintings will be worth more money, and increase the chances of obtaining a Master-Piece.
Trait collectionhelper.png	Collection Helper	The Collection Helper is an invaluable tool that helps collectors identify collectibles as well as find them in Map View.	40,000	Child	The Collection Helper appears in the personal inventory with the icon of a butterfly (be careful not to sell). It may be used to locate Rocks and Gems, Insects, Seeds, and Fish. The exact locations of collectables are marked with map tags on map view, and when zoomed in the selected objects glow with a giant sparkle and beam of light. Sparkles don't start when paused.
Note: This reward can be sold for up to §8,000.

Trait foodreplicator.png	Food Replicator	The Food Replicator speeds up meal prep by duplicating dishes perfectly... more or less.	50,000	Child	See details here. Note: This reward can be sold for up to §10,000.
Trait moodmodifier.png	Moodlet Manager	The Moodlet Manager eases the mind and removes troubling thoughts... most of the time.	60,000	Child	The Moodlet Manager has a "Cure" function which removes all negative and neutral moodlets, allowing the targeted Sim(s) (even unplayable ones) to repeatedly explore the mausoleum, search the town for collectibles or work out, however it may occasionally fail and result in a "Zap" instead, where a random negative moodlet is given (normally exhausted) . However, it can just be used again to remove it. Considering the fact that this can completely restore a Sim's needs up to maximum when they become low enough to produce a negative or neutral moodlet, this is probably one of the best rewards. The Moodlet Manager does NOT "cure" the "Sore" moodlet from sleeping after a rigorous workout. The "Cure" function will instantly complete a Sim's transformation to a Vampire. Can be passed down through generations of Sims.
Note: This reward can be sold for up to §12,000.

Trait teleporter.png	Teleportation Pad	The Teleportation Pad reduces your transportation costs by 100%... within a reasonable margin of error.	75,000	Child	The Teleportation Pad lets Sims instantly teleport to any location on the map, and use their mobile phone to teleport back. Occasionally, the teleporter malfunctions and teleports them to the wrong place, but it's a simple matter of teleporting back with the phone and retrying. Can be upgraded with "Perfect Teleportation", which prevents it from ever malfunctioning. This reward can be sold for up to §15,000.